---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unifi_device_switch Resource - unifi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Unifi switch device.
---

# unifi_device_switch (Resource)

A Unifi switch device.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the device
- `management_network_id` (String) The ID of the VLAN to use as the management VLAN instead of the default tagged network from the upstream device.
- `name` (String) A name to assign to the device

### Optional

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `led_settings` (Attributes) Overrides for the switch LEDs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--led_settings))
- `port_overrides` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_overrides))
- `site` (String) The site the switch belongs to. Setting this overrides the default site set in the provider
- `snmp_contact` (String)
- `snmp_location` (String)
- `static_ip_settings` (Attributes) Force the switch to use a static IP address instead of one assigned by DHCP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_ip_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Unifi switch device identifier
- `model` (String)
- `site_id` (String) The Unifi internal ID of the site.

<a id="nestedatt--led_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `led_settings`

Optional:

- `brightness` (Number)
- `color` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--port_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_overrides`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `aggregate_num_ports` (Number)
- `excluded_tagged_network_ids` (List of String) One or more VLANs that are tagged on this port.
- `full_duplex` (Boolean)
- `link_speed` (Number) An override for the link speed of the port.
- `mirror_port_index` (Number) The index of the port to mirror traffic to.
- `native_network_id` (String) The native network used for VLAN traffic, i.e. not tagged with a VLAN ID. Untagged traffic from devices connected to this port will be placed on to the selected VLAN. Setting this to and empty string (which this defaults to) will prevent untagged traffic from being placed in to a VLAN by default.
- `operation` (String)
- `poe_mode` (String)
- `tagged_vlan_management` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--static_ip_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_ip_settings`

Required:

- `gateway` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `netmask` (String)
- `preferred_dns` (String)

Optional:

- `alternative_dns` (String)
- `bonding_enabled` (Boolean)
- `dns_suffix` (String)
